but besides knowledge is not only about
predictions anyway as we have said
that's the rare exception the whole way
of framing our situation with respect to
knowledge is being merely an instrument
for predicting what will happen in the
future completely misses the point
better theories explain more about what
really exists from general relativity we
get curved space time we get black holes
and gravitational waves we get an
expanding Universe none of these things
are at all even mentioned under
Newtonian gravity better theories tell
us more about what actually exists and
what the causal relationships between
them are and they tell us what is
possible and impossible in other words
they rule out more and all of that has
as a kind of byproduct some of the time
like for example in physics and the
physical sciences more broadly it allows
sometimes for predictions to be made